When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  You would want to use remote repository when sharing files with other people such as when collaborating
  on a project or to make the code publicly available after publication of a paper.  This is an exellent 
  mechanism for distributing and sharing work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	You may be in the middle of something, even if you are committing locally, and are not ready to push changes to 
	remote where they are open to the world.  Similarly, someone may change the remote that you're working on and mess 
	things up for you locally.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forking is duplicating a repository from a remote to a remote.  Cloning is duplicating a repository from a remote to 
	local or from local to local.  Branches may occur on remote and/or local and represent non-linear changes to files.  
	Use fork to duplicate a repository on github, use clone to make a copy on a local machine and use branches
	to create multiple simultaneous versions of your files as you make changes.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	It means that you can always compare your version with the version stored remotely even if you are offline. 
	With the fetch command you can update your local copy of the remote, so that you can be aware of changes there,
	without having to merge your version with the remote version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	If you were sitting next to somebody as you collaborated it would probably be easier than GitHub, but
	in situations where there are not good lines of communication between collaborators GitHub makes
	things easier.  In that situation without GitHub it might make sense to e-mail versions back and forth, 
	incorporating collaborators changes and trying not to step on each others toes.



